This is cool.
And welcome back to the course on Tablo.
And in today's tutorial we will learn how to export our worksheets as images for other files.
All right.
So we've got this beautiful report that's ready to go.
How do we put it into a document like a PowerPoint or a Word document and so on.
So one way is to take a snapshot and I knew a friend of mine he didn't know how to explore and he kept
taking snapshots just take like a print screen of this report and then you stick it into your file.
Well that's not the proper way to do it.
There's definitely a way to export files directly from Tablo.
And today we're going to learn how.
So right away.
This is a worksheet as we discussed So if you go into worksheet and you go to export you go image you
can copy the image.
So this is going to close the eye because there's no way another way of doing it a bit faster.
You don't have to move your mouse all the way up there.
This is one of those tips and tricks so if you right click and you go copy you go image you get the
same menu.
So there's there's two ways to export.
So we all we need right now is the view with the title and the legend.
So we don't need the caption because we don't actually have a caption.
We haven't created one for this chart.
We'll talk about captions further in the course.
They're pretty easy so we'll take it out and we'll talk about this menu in a second as well so just
good copy.
Now let's bring up the document.
So let's say I want to export this image into a Word document.
So here I've got a Word document prepared.
The annual bonus report.
And I want to put the image in here so what you need to do is obviously Kontrol be or just right click
and paste and there you go.
So there's your image here.
So this underline is because I had underlined it with it.
So that's the image that blends in really well.
But what do we see about this image that is all right away.
Not good.
Wrong.
Well we see this name over here.
So what went wrong.
Why where did it come from.
Let's go back to Tablo to find out.
If I click on Tablo you can see that there's no name here but sheet one.
Sounds familiar doesn't it.
That's the name of the tab here.
So that remember when we exported the image.
So if we go to Right-Click And then when we go to copy image here it says title and title because actually
the name of the tab.
So you either have to unclick title or just change the name of the tab.
And so let's do that so I'll go into the name of the sheet.
I'm going to call that annual bonus analysis.
And now I want to see it here as well so I'll go to worksheet and click Show title.
So here now I can see the no bonus analysis name.
And that also gives me a power to change and format it.
So if I click here and I click for my title as you remember formatting pane pops up on the left and
I can actually oh sorry this doesn't allow you to change the size of the text so we're going to have
to work on this a bit.
You need to double click on the title to be able to format the size of the text.
In this case it's 12 as bold so it's all right.
It's the same as the rest that we have here.
So just if you do need to change the format that's how you do it.
So I'll just click that.
And now we can right click copy image view title college and copy.
Now let's go back to our document.
Delete that and paste in our report.
Once again this underline get rid of it.
OK so here now you can see annual bonus report analysis at the top.
And that's good.
So that's pretty much ready ready to go.
You add some text for the executives and it's ready to be presented.
The only thing is if you want a bit more space you want to start to be a bit bigger than you want region
at the bottom and that way your child can expand to the right.
And that's what we will try to do now.
Right click right click copy image and color legend.
So here we'll put the college in at the bottom.
We'll choose that one.
Go back here and paste.
And as you can see the college is at the bottom and the chart has a bit more space so that's the other
way you can do that.
So that's pretty much done.
And so that sums it up for us for today.
I just wanted to tell you that we still haven't saved all workbooks so make sure you do so you go to
File Save As and obviously you know for the workbook it's Section 1.
Just make sure we keep it safe because it doesn't actually auto save your work and you want to keep
it for yourself for the future.
And that is it for this section.
I hope you enjoyed it very easy introduction to Tablo that was an easy data set but it did help us get
our head around a lot of things and we talked about navigating Tablo creating first calculated field
adding colors labels doing formatting.
So all of that together that's our base.
We're going to take that forward in the course.
But before you do proceed with the next lecture Do not forget to do the quiz.
It's right under this one.
It will help you make sure that you've covered everything that we talked about in the section.
I look forward to seeing you in the next section.
And until next time happy analyzing.